


Yesterday 4:29 PM
Application support engineer role interview questions and answers for Accenture 

If you're interviewing for an Application Support Engineer role at Accenture, expect questions covering application support, incident management, SQL, Linux, cloud basics, ITIL, and troubleshooting. Below are common interview questions with sample answers.

1. Tell me about yourself.
Answer:

I have experience in IT support and DevOps with exposure to Azure DevOps, CI/CD pipelines, release management, and troubleshooting application issues. I have worked on resolving production incidents, monitoring application health, coordinating with development teams, and ensuring minimal downtime. I enjoy analyzing root causes and providing permanent solutions while maintaining SLAs.

2. What does an Application Support Engineer do?
Answer:
An Application Support Engineer:

Monitors application availability.

Resolves production incidents.

Performs root cause analysis.

Handles deployments.

Coordinates with developers and infrastructure teams.

Monitors logs and system performance.

Ensures SLA compliance.

Creates knowledge base articles.

3. What is an Incident?
Answer:
An incident is an unplanned interruption or reduction in the quality of an IT service that requires immediate attention to restore normal operations.

4. Difference between Incident, Problem, and Change?
Incident	Problem	Change
Unexpected issue	Root cause of recurring incidents	Modification to IT infrastructure/application
Needs immediate fix	Permanent solution	Planned implementation
5. What is SLA?
Answer:
Service Level Agreement defines the agreed response and resolution time for incidents.

Example:

P1 – Response: 15 mins, Resolution: 4 hrs

P2 – Response: 30 mins

P3 – Response: 1 hr

P4 – Response: 4 hrs

6. What is a P1 Incident?
Answer:
A P1 incident is a critical issue where the production application is completely unavailable and impacts business operations. It requires immediate escalation and continuous communication until resolved.

7. How do you handle a Production Issue?
Answer:

Understand the issue.

Check monitoring dashboards.

Review logs.

Verify server/database health.

Restart services if necessary.

Escalate to appropriate teams.

Update stakeholders.

Perform Root Cause Analysis.

Document the resolution.

8. Explain Root Cause Analysis (RCA).
Answer:
RCA identifies the actual reason behind an issue so it does not happen again.

Typical RCA includes:

Issue description

Timeline

Root cause

Impact

Resolution

Preventive action

9. Difference between Severity and Priority?
Severity	Priority
Business impact	Order of fixing
Technical impact	Business urgency
10. What monitoring tools have you used?
Answer:
Examples:

Splunk

AppDynamics

Dynatrace

Grafana

Prometheus

Azure Monitor

Nagios

11. What is a Health Check?
Answer:
Health checks verify whether the application, database, services, APIs, CPU, memory, and disk space are functioning normally.

12. How do you troubleshoot an application that is running slowly?
Answer:

Check CPU and memory usage.

Review application logs.

Verify database performance.

Check network latency.

Identify slow SQL queries.

Restart affected services if needed.

Review recent deployments.

13. SQL Queries
Find duplicate records
SELECT EmployeeID, COUNT(*)
FROM Employee
GROUP BY EmployeeID
HAVING COUNT(*) > 1;
Top 5 highest salaries
SELECT *
FROM Employee
ORDER BY Salary DESC
LIMIT 5;
Second highest salary
SELECT MAX(Salary)
FROM Employee
WHERE Salary <
(
SELECT MAX(Salary)
FROM Employee
);
14. Linux Commands
Command	Purpose
ls	List files
pwd	Current directory
cd	Change directory
top	CPU usage
ps -ef	Running processes
grep	Search text
df -h	Disk usage
free -m	Memory
tail -100 log.txt	View latest logs
chmod	Change permissions
systemctl status service	Service status
15. How do you check logs?
tail -100 application.log
grep ERROR application.log
less application.log
16. What is a 500 Error?
Answer:
HTTP 500 Internal Server Error indicates the server encountered an unexpected condition while processing the request.

Possible reasons:

Null pointer exception

Database issue

Configuration error

Server crash

17. Difference between 404 and 500?
404 → Resource not found.

500 → Internal server error.

18. Explain REST API.
Answer:
REST API allows applications to communicate using HTTP methods:

GET

POST

PUT

DELETE

19. What would you do if the database is down?
Answer:

Verify database status.

Check database logs.

Confirm network connectivity.

Restart database service if permitted.

Notify DBA team.

Keep stakeholders updated.

Monitor after recovery.

20. How do you prioritize multiple incidents?
Answer:
Based on:

Business impact

Number of affected users

SLA

Severity

Customer commitments

21. Explain ITIL.
Answer:
ITIL is a framework for IT Service Management that includes:

Incident Management

Problem Management

Change Management

Release Management

Configuration Management

22. What is a Change Request?
Answer:
A Change Request is a formal request to modify production systems while minimizing risk and obtaining the necessary approvals.

23. What is a Deployment?
Answer:
Deployment is the process of moving application code from development or testing into production using controlled release procedures.

24. Why do you want to join Accenture?
Answer:

Accenture is known for delivering technology solutions across diverse industries. I want to work in an environment where I can enhance my application support skills, collaborate with global teams, work on modern cloud technologies, and contribute to maintaining high-quality services while continuing to grow professionally.

25. Why should we hire you?
Answer:

I have strong analytical and troubleshooting skills, experience working with Azure DevOps and production support processes, and a good understanding of SQL, Linux, and incident management. I work well under pressure, communicate effectively with stakeholders, and focus on resolving issues quickly while identifying long-term improvements.

Interview tips for Accenture
Be comfortable with SQL queries and joins.

Know basic Linux troubleshooting commands.

Understand ITIL concepts (Incident, Problem, Change, SLA).

Be ready to explain production issue scenarios.

Demonstrate clear communication and stakeholder management.

If you have Azure DevOps experience, explain how you've handled deployments, monitored pipelines, and supported production applications—this aligns well with application support responsibilities.


For Azure DevOps

Since your background is in Azure DevOps, Accenture may ask how your DevOps experience translates into an Application Support Engineer role. Here are Azure DevOps-focused interview questions with sample answers.

1. Explain your Azure DevOps experience.
Answer:

I have experience working with Azure DevOps for source code management, CI/CD pipeline creation, release management, Azure Artifacts, service connections, Azure Repos, Azure Boards, and deployment automation. I have also supported production deployments, resolved pipeline failures, managed permissions, and worked with development teams to ensure smooth application releases.

2. What are the main services in Azure DevOps?
Answer:

Azure Repos

Azure Pipelines

Azure Boards

Azure Artifacts

Azure Test Plans

3. What is CI/CD?
Answer:

Continuous Integration (CI)

Developers commit code frequently.

Build and unit tests run automatically.

Continuous Deployment (CD)

The validated application is automatically deployed to different environments such as Development, QA, UAT, and Production.

4. Explain your CI/CD pipeline.
Answer:
A typical pipeline includes:

Code checkout from Azure Repos.

Restore dependencies.

Build the application.

Run unit tests.

Perform code quality checks (e.g., SonarQube if applicable).

Publish build artifacts.

Deploy to Dev, QA, UAT, and Production.

Run post-deployment verification.

5. What is a Self-hosted Agent?
Answer:
A self-hosted agent is installed on an organization's own server or VM to execute Azure DevOps pipelines. It is useful when deployments require access to private networks, internal resources, or specific software not available on Microsoft-hosted agents.

6. Difference between Microsoft-hosted and Self-hosted Agents
Microsoft-hosted	Self-hosted
Managed by Microsoft	Managed by the organization
Fresh VM for each run	Reuses existing machine
Limited customization	Fully customizable
No access to private network by default	Can access internal servers and databases
7. What is Azure Artifacts?
Answer:
Azure Artifacts is a package management service that stores and shares packages such as NuGet, npm, Maven, Python, and Universal Packages. It also supports upstream sources for consuming public packages through a private feed.

8. What is an Upstream Source?
Answer:
An upstream source allows Azure Artifacts to fetch packages from external repositories (such as NuGet.org) and cache them in your organization's feed for improved reliability and control.

9. Explain YAML Pipeline.
Answer:
A YAML pipeline defines build and deployment steps as code, enabling version control, code reviews, and easier maintenance compared to classic pipelines.

10. What are Stages, Jobs, and Steps?
Answer:

Stage – Major phase (Build, Test, Deploy)

Job – Group of tasks executed on an agent

Step – Individual task or script within a job

11. How do you troubleshoot a failed pipeline?
Answer:

Review pipeline logs.

Identify the failed task.

Verify variables and parameters.

Check service connections and permissions.

Confirm agent availability.

Validate dependency versions.

Reproduce the issue locally if possible.

Fix the root cause and rerun the pipeline.

12. What is a Service Connection?
Answer:
A service connection securely stores credentials so Azure DevOps can authenticate with external services such as Azure, AWS, GitHub, Docker Hub, or Kubernetes.

13. Explain Variable Groups.
Answer:
Variable Groups allow sharing common variables and secrets across multiple pipelines. Secrets can be securely stored and linked from Azure Key Vault.

14. What is Azure Key Vault?
Answer:
Azure Key Vault securely stores secrets, certificates, and encryption keys. Pipelines can retrieve these values at runtime without exposing sensitive information in the YAML.

15. How do you secure secrets in Azure DevOps?
Answer:

Use secret pipeline variables.

Store secrets in Azure Key Vault.

Restrict access using RBAC.

Avoid hardcoding credentials in code or YAML.

Mask secrets in pipeline logs.

16. What is an Environment in Azure DevOps?
Answer:
An Environment represents a deployment target, such as Dev, QA, UAT, or Production. It supports deployment history, approvals, and resource tracking.

17. What are Deployment Approvals?
Answer:
Approvals require designated users to authorize deployments before they proceed to sensitive environments like UAT or Production.

18. What would you do if a Production deployment failed?
Answer:

Review deployment logs.

Identify the failed step.

Roll back if required.

Notify stakeholders.

Resolve the issue.

Validate the application after recovery.

Perform Root Cause Analysis (RCA).

Update documentation to prevent recurrence.

19. What is Infrastructure as Code (IaC)?
Answer:
Infrastructure as Code automates infrastructure provisioning using code instead of manual configuration. Examples include Terraform, Bicep, and ARM templates.

20. What monitoring tools have you used?
Answer:
Examples include:

Azure Monitor

Application Insights

Log Analytics

Grafana

Prometheus

Splunk

These tools help monitor application health, performance, logs, and alerts.

21. Explain a production issue you resolved.
Sample Answer:

During a production deployment, a pipeline failed because the authentication certificate used for deployment had expired. I reviewed the pipeline logs, confirmed the certificate issue, renewed the certificate, updated the secure credentials, reran the pipeline, and verified a successful deployment. I also documented the issue and recommended monitoring certificate expiry dates to prevent recurrence.

22. What is your daily work as an Azure DevOps Engineer?
Sample Answer:

Monitor CI/CD pipelines.

Support developers with build and deployment issues.

Manage Azure Repos and pull requests.

Create and maintain YAML pipelines.

Configure service connections and environments.

Manage Azure Artifacts feeds.

Troubleshoot pipeline failures.

Coordinate production deployments.

Perform release validations.

Support incident resolution and RCA.

Scenario-Based Question
Interviewer: A production deployment failed and business users are waiting. What will you do?

Sample Answer:

First, I would acknowledge the incident and assess its business impact. I would review the deployment logs to identify the failing step, verify the health of the deployment agent and service connections, and determine whether the issue is related to the application, infrastructure, or configuration. If the failure affects production availability, I would initiate a rollback based on the approved rollback plan. Throughout the process, I would keep stakeholders informed with regular updates. After service is restored, I would perform a root cause analysis, document the findings, and implement preventive measures.

These questions align well with your Azure DevOps experience and are commonly discussed in Accenture interviews for Application Support Engineer roles, especially when transitioning from a DevOps background.


Today 7:48 AM
add more questions and answers for the azure devops

Since you already have Azure DevOps experience, Accenture interviewers (especially for Application Support Engineer, Azure DevOps Engineer, or Cloud Support Engineer) may ask advanced and scenario-based questions. Below are 40 additional Azure DevOps interview questions with sample answers.

1. What is Azure DevOps?
Answer:
Azure DevOps is a Microsoft platform that provides end-to-end DevOps services, including source control, project management, CI/CD pipelines, package management, and testing.

2. What are the advantages of Azure DevOps?
Answer:

Faster software delivery

Automated CI/CD

Better collaboration

Integration with Azure and GitHub

Built-in security

Easy monitoring

Version control

Agile project management

3. What is Azure Repos?
Answer:
Azure Repos provides Git repositories and Team Foundation Version Control (TFVC) to manage source code with features like pull requests, branch policies, and code reviews.

4. Difference between Git and TFVC?
Git	TFVC
Distributed	Centralized
Offline commits	Online only
Branching is easy	Branching is expensive
Most commonly used	Legacy projects
5. What is a Pull Request?
Answer:
A Pull Request is used to merge code from one branch into another after code review and validation.

6. What are Branch Policies?
Answer:
Branch policies enforce quality before code is merged, such as:

Minimum reviewers

Successful build validation

Linked work items

Comment resolution

Required approvals

7. Explain Git Flow.
Answer:
Typical branches:

Main

Develop

Feature

Release

Hotfix

8. Difference between Merge and Rebase?
Merge

Preserves history

Creates merge commit

Rebase

Cleaner history

Rewrites commit history

9. What is Build Validation?
Answer:
Automatically triggers a build when a pull request is created to ensure code quality before merging.

10. What are Pipeline Triggers?
Answer:

CI Trigger

PR Trigger

Schedule Trigger

Manual Trigger

Pipeline Completion Trigger

11. Difference between CI and PR Trigger?
CI runs after code is pushed.

PR Trigger runs before merging.

12. What is a Pipeline Artifact?
Answer:
Pipeline artifacts store build outputs that can be used in later stages or release pipelines.

13. Difference between Build Artifacts and Pipeline Artifacts?
Build Artifacts:

Older

Slower

Pipeline Artifacts:

Faster

Better optimized

Recommended

14. What is Multi-stage YAML?
Answer:
A single YAML file containing Build, Test, Deploy, and Approval stages.

15. Explain Runtime Parameters.
Answer:
Runtime parameters allow users to select options like environment or region when manually starting a pipeline.

16. What are Conditions?
Answer:
Conditions determine whether a stage, job, or task runs.

Example:

succeeded()

failed()

always()

succeededOrFailed()

17. What are Expressions?
Answer:
Expressions evaluate variables or conditions dynamically during pipeline execution.

18. Difference between Variables and Parameters?
Variables:

Can change during execution

Parameters:

Fixed before pipeline starts

19. What is Azure Key Vault integration?
Answer:
Azure DevOps can securely retrieve secrets from Azure Key Vault during pipeline execution instead of storing them directly in YAML.

20. Explain Secure Files.
Answer:
Secure Files securely store certificates, SSH keys, and other sensitive files for use during pipeline execution.

21. What is Library in Azure DevOps?
Answer:
The Library stores reusable resources such as variable groups and secure files.

22. How do you deploy to multiple environments?
Answer:
Using multi-stage YAML pipelines with separate deployment stages, approvals, and environment-specific variables.

23. Explain Deployment Strategy.
Answer:
Strategies include:

runOnce

Rolling

Canary

Blue-Green

24. What is Rolling Deployment?
Answer:
Deploys updates gradually to subsets of servers to reduce risk.

25. What is Canary Deployment?
Answer:
Deploys a new version to a small percentage of users before a full rollout.

26. What is Blue-Green Deployment?
Answer:
Maintains two identical production environments. Traffic switches to the new environment only after validation.

27. How do you rollback a deployment?
Answer:

Redeploy previous artifact

Revert Git changes

Restore backups if required

Validate application health

28. What is an Agent Pool?
Answer:
An Agent Pool is a collection of build agents available for running pipelines.

29. Difference between Agent Pool and Queue?
Answer:
Agent Pool contains agents.

Queue assigns pipeline jobs to available agents.

30. Explain Hosted Agents.
Answer:
Hosted agents are managed by Microsoft and provide clean virtual machines for each pipeline run.

31. Why would a Pipeline remain queued?
Answer:
Possible reasons:

No available agents

Offline self-hosted agent

Parallel job limit reached

Pool permission issues

Agent capability mismatch

32. What are Agent Capabilities?
Answer:
Capabilities identify software installed on an agent, such as Java, .NET SDK, Node.js, or custom tools.

33. What are Demands?
Answer:
Demands ensure a pipeline runs only on agents that meet specific capability requirements.

34. What is Azure Boards?
Answer:
Azure Boards is used for Agile planning with Epics, Features, User Stories, Tasks, Bugs, and Sprint tracking.

35. Explain Work Item Types.
Answer:

Epic

Feature

User Story

Task

Bug

Issue

36. What is Azure Test Plans?
Answer:
Azure Test Plans manages manual testing, exploratory testing, and test case execution.

37. How do you troubleshoot deployment failures?
Answer:

Review logs

Check service connections

Verify agent status

Validate permissions

Check application configuration

Test deployment manually if necessary

38. What is a Service Hook?
Answer:
Service Hooks send notifications or trigger actions in external services (Teams, Slack, Jenkins, etc.) based on Azure DevOps events.

39. How do you improve pipeline performance?
Answer:

Cache dependencies

Use Pipeline Artifacts

Run jobs in parallel

Avoid unnecessary tasks

Use incremental builds

Optimize test execution

40. What are your responsibilities as an Azure DevOps Engineer?
Answer:

Build and maintain CI/CD pipelines.

Manage Azure Repos, Boards, and Artifacts.

Support production deployments.

Troubleshoot build and release failures.

Configure service connections and agent pools.

Manage secrets using Azure Key Vault.

Monitor deployments and application health.

Collaborate with development, QA, and operations teams.

Perform root cause analysis for incidents.

Ensure secure, reliable, and automated software delivery.
============================================================================================
Frequently Asked Scenario-Based Questions
A pipeline fails only in Production but succeeds in Dev. How would you troubleshoot it?

A self-hosted agent is offline before a critical deployment. What steps would you take?

A deployment succeeded, but the application returns HTTP 500 errors. How would you investigate?

Azure Artifacts packages are no longer available. What could be the cause?

Developers cannot create pull requests due to branch policies. How would you diagnose the issue?

A service connection suddenly starts failing with authentication errors. How would you troubleshoot it?

Pipeline secrets are accidentally exposed in logs. What immediate actions would you take?

A deployment to Kubernetes fails because pods are not becoming ready. How would you investigate?

Users report slow application performance immediately after deployment. What checks would you perform?

An Azure DevOps organization reaches its parallel job limit. How would you minimize deployment delays?

These advanced questions cover the areas Accenture commonly explores for candidates with hands-on Azure DevOps experience and are useful for interviews requiring both DevOps and production support knowledge.


=====================================================================================


1. A pipeline fails only in Production but succeeds in Dev. How would you troubleshoot it?
Answer

My approach would be systematic:

Compare the Production and Dev pipeline configurations.
Check whether the Production stage uses different:
Service Connections
Variable Groups
Azure Key Vault secrets
Environment variables
Review deployment logs to identify the exact failing task.
Verify deployment approvals and environment permissions.
Confirm Production infrastructure is healthy.
Validate firewall, NSG, Private Endpoint, and network connectivity.
Verify the application configuration files.
Check if certificates or secrets have expired.
Review recent Production changes.
If business impact is high, initiate rollback using the last successful deployment.
Perform RCA and document preventive actions.

Possible Causes

Wrong Production variables
Expired certificate
Invalid Service Connection
Firewall restrictions
Missing permissions
Database connectivity issue
2. A self-hosted agent is offline before a critical deployment. What steps would you take?
Answer

First, I would minimize deployment delay.

Step 1

Check whether the agent is actually offline from Azure DevOps.

Step 2

Login to the server hosting the agent.

Step 3

Check Agent Service.

Linux

sudo systemctl status vsts.agent.*

Windows

services.msc
Step 4

Restart Agent

Linux

sudo systemctl restart vsts.agent.*

Windows

Restart Azure Pipelines Agent service.

Step 5

Verify

Internet connectivity
Azure DevOps connectivity
Disk space
CPU
Memory
Step 6

Check agent logs

_diag folder
Step 7

If unavailable, switch pipeline to

Another Self-hosted Agent
Microsoft Hosted Agent (if applicable)
Step 8

Inform stakeholders.

Step 9

Complete deployment.

3. A deployment succeeded, but the application returns HTTP 500 errors. How would you investigate?
Answer

A successful deployment doesn't necessarily mean the application is healthy.

I would:

Check Application Logs
IIS Logs / Nginx Logs
Application Insights
Azure Monitor
Event Viewer
Docker logs (if containerized)

Then verify

Database connectivity
Connection strings
Key Vault secrets
Missing DLLs
Configuration files
API endpoints
Storage Account access

Next

Check recent configuration changes.
Compare previous working deployment.

If needed

Rollback immediately.

Finally

Perform RCA.

Possible reasons

Incorrect appsettings.json
Missing environment variable
Database unavailable
Expired certificate
Null reference exception
Permission issue
4. Azure Artifacts packages are no longer available. What could be the cause?
Answer

Possible causes include:

Package deleted
Feed permissions removed
Feed retention policy deleted packages
Upstream source unavailable
Package unlisted
Feed corrupted
Wrong feed selected
Authentication failure
Package version removed
Organization migration

I would check

Feed permissions
Package history
Recycle Bin
Audit Logs
Upstream Sources
Azure DevOps Service Health
5. Developers cannot create pull requests due to branch policies. How would you diagnose the issue?
Answer

I would verify:

Repository permissions
Branch security
Branch Policies
Required reviewers
Build Validation
Required work items
Comment resolution
Merge strategy restrictions

Also verify

Developer has

Contribute permission
Create Branch permission
Create Pull Request permission

If Build Validation fails

Check pipeline logs.

6. A service connection suddenly starts failing with authentication errors. How would you troubleshoot it?
Answer

I would verify

Service Connection status
Credentials expired?
Secret expired?
Certificate expired?
Service Principal disabled?
Subscription permissions removed?
Azure RBAC changed?
Azure AD App deleted?
Tenant changed?

Then

Click

Verify Service Connection

If failed

Re-authenticate.

Check

Azure Activity Logs

Finally

Run deployment again.

7. Pipeline secrets are accidentally exposed in logs. What immediate actions would you take?
Answer

This is a security incident.

Immediate actions:

Stop pipeline.
Revoke exposed credentials.
Rotate secrets.
Generate new passwords.
Update Azure Key Vault.
Remove secrets from logs.
Restrict access to logs.
Inform Security Team.
Check Audit Logs.
Update pipeline to use Secret Variables.

Finally

Document Incident.

8. A deployment to Kubernetes fails because pods are not becoming ready. How would you investigate?
Answer

First check

kubectl get pods

Then

kubectl describe pod

Then

kubectl logs PODNAME

Verify

Readiness Probe
Liveness Probe
Image Pull
CrashLoopBackOff
OOMKilled
Missing ConfigMap
Missing Secret
PVC mounting
CPU limits
Memory limits

Also verify

kubectl get events

If image pull issue

Check

Container Registry Authentication.

If configuration issue

Fix ConfigMap/Secret

Redeploy.

9. Users report slow application performance immediately after deployment. What checks would you perform?
Answer

I would investigate in this order:

Infrastructure

CPU
Memory
Disk
Network

Application

Application logs
Slow APIs
Exceptions

Database

Long-running queries
Blocking
Deadlocks
Indexes

Monitoring

Azure Monitor
Application Insights
Grafana
Splunk

Deployment

Compare

Old version

vs

New version

If performance degraded

Rollback deployment.

Then perform RCA.

10. An Azure DevOps organization reaches its parallel job limit. How would you minimize deployment delays?
Answer

First

Check

Organization Settings

→ Parallel Jobs

Identify

Running pipelines
Queued pipelines

Optimize

Cancel unnecessary builds
Merge duplicate builds
Reduce long-running jobs
Enable Pipeline Caching
Parallelize test execution
Reduce build duration
Use incremental builds

If urgent

Deploy manually.

Long-term solution

Purchase additional Microsoft-hosted parallel jobs.
Add more self-hosted agents.
Schedule non-critical pipelines during off-peak hours.
Optimize pipeline design to reduce unnecessary executions.
Bonus Interview Question
Interviewer: Tell me about a challenging Azure DevOps issue you resolved.

Sample Answer (based on your experience):

One challenging issue involved Azure Artifacts where upstream package versions, such as Microsoft.AspNetCore.App.Ref, were not visible across multiple feeds, even before any package deletion. I first verified the upstream source configuration and feed permissions, then compared behavior across feeds to rule out feed-specific issues. I checked Azure DevOps service health, validated that the package was part of the .NET shared framework rather than a typical NuGet package, and reviewed feed settings and caching behavior. Since the issue was reproducible across multiple feeds, I gathered logs and evidence, documented the troubleshooting steps, and escalated the issue to Microsoft Support with all relevant details. This systematic approach helped narrow the problem to a platform-level behavior rather than a configuration issue and minimized unnecessary changes to the environment.
